[Music]
the buffalo has incautiously strayed
away from its herd it surely can have no
defense against the group of lives but
the rest of the herd have noticed
[Music]
[Applause]
faced with the threat of hundreds of
tons of mass anger the lioness turns
tail
[Music]
the male lion however seems unwilling to
give up
[Music]
eyes on the side of its head enabled the
pigeon to forage for seed and scan the
sky at the same time it spies the power
[Music]
once it's in the air it becomes a racer
the Peregrine's lightness streamlining
speed
the pigeon strength endurance enough
speed and a head start
[Music]
with the breeding season at its height
these rivers are filled with anka
priestess it's the perfect hunting
opportunity for Spinosaurus
[Music]
when frigates join the hunt the flying
fish are literally caught between the
devil
and the deep blue sea
if the flying fish get too much lift
they become easy prey for the frigates
if they dive to evade attacks from above
[Music]
they could fall into the mouths of the
Dorado
oh my god the mothers try in vain that
they can't contain all three as they
save one another washes away
the currents even too much for the
mothers they have to let their babies go
donkeys have been bred to be docile and
they have no instinct of how to escape
he searches for a way into the nest but
a guard patrol has found him and at
first the other ants see Emma's food
he's actually in mortal danger the army
smothers him as if he were prey but
their intentions falter he also produces
sense to demonstrate his fitness to be
consort if he passes muster he'll be
accepted if he doesn't he'll be for the
job anyone who's seen an ostrich in a
zoo knows it's got a kick that can open
a man's stomach and an enraged elephant
birds many of the times the size of an
ostrich must have been a truly
formidable opponent I suspect it was
these its egg he may not have been able
to tackle an adult bird but they could
take its eggs which were a huge source
of nourishment and so I think it's
probably these are the reason why the
elephant bird is no longer here this is
a sea cucumber its body is basically a
living tube it sucks in sand at one end
extracts anything edible and passes
waste out the other just what the pearl
fish has been looking for but not the
mouth end it's drawn to the odor of the
other end
[Music]
[Applause]
the perfect launch
and a control drop this is as good a
descent as it's possible to make
[Music]
anything goes in these power struggles I
doubting is entirely within the rules
so is kicking below the belt
okay let look let go ma'am I'm not
holding you your your old in me
I'm just stood there I think I'm
levitating I'm levitating God uploaded a
snake I'm doing it I'm doing it this
feels amazing
yeah you're not touching the floor
[Music]
give me a little pushes or apples off he
goes
[Music]
for her to produce twins is not unusual
half of all panda births result in them
pandas almost always abandon one cub
it's thought that they don't have
sufficient milk or energy to care for
two by removing one cub at birth and
then switching throughout the day and
night keepers are able to encourage
panda mothers to feed both siblings
while being under the impression that
they have only one read has ventured out
alone and London's straight into the
middle of the hyena clan
it's impossible to fight the middle at
once his ally tattoo has heard the
commotion
now the odds have changed
even for 20 hyenas a pair of melons is
too much to take on in this tree there
is one of the most extraordinary what
others it's one animal that I don't need
to sneak up on boo this extraordinary
creature is half blind half deaf and
this is just about as fast as it can
move that's what can happen to you if
you live on nothing but leaves
[Music]